welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
shallow hal
hal larsen jack black is a superficial
man with a heart of gold whose fixation
on the physical beauty of women gets in
the way of seeing their inner beauty
hal and his equally shallow friend
mauricio
jason alexander spend their nights
obnoxiously hitting on beautiful
sexy women at nightclubs and mostly they
end up getting rejected
hal's work life is steady but he is
dismayed after being passed over for a
long-slot promotion
his love life is non-existent as seen
when he tries to ask jill
susan ward his attractive neighbor out
for a date
jill is not interested as she finds hel
too shallow and she is not attracted to
him
hal becomes trapped in an elevator with
life coach tony robbins
while waiting for the elevator to be
fixed robbins sympathizes with hal's
disappointment but tries to figure out
his ideas about women
he hypnotizes hell into only seeing a
person's
inner beauty hal does not realize he's
been hypnotized and later meets rosemary
gwyneth paltrow daughter of the
president of the company where he is
employed
rosemary is morbidly obese but house
sees a slender and beautiful trophy
blonde he is immediately smitten by her
used to being overlooked due to her
appearance rosemary initially interprets
hal's interest as mockery
but begins to realize his feelings for
her are sincere
they begin to date which includes a bike
ride with hal's friend walt renee kirby
who has spina bifida mauricio
worried about hal's new taste in women
convinces robbins to give him the
trigger phrase to undo the hypnosis
which is shallow hal wants a gal
while on a date in a restaurant rosemary
tells how
she's been asked by the peace corps to
go on a 14-month mission in kiribati
mauricio phones hal and says the trigger
phrase
breaking howl's hypnosis mauricio
confesses to how the truth about robin's
hypnotherapy
but hal does not believe it until he
runs into a woman who initially appeared
beautiful to him but whom hal
now sees in her true physically
unattractive state
hal begins to avoid rosemary who becomes
depressed without him around
distraught that he was not seeing the
real rosemary
hal accepts a dinner invitation from
jill
the two dine together and jill tells hal
that she has observed him overcoming his
shallow nature and is interested in
dating him now
hal realizes his true feelings for
rosemary who has
coincidentally arrived at the same
restaurant with her family and sees hal
and jill sitting together
assuming the worst rosemary leaves in
tears
not recognizing rosemary hal walks right
by her on his way to a pay phone to call
her and reassure her of his feelings
confused and distraught rosemary calls
hala
psycho over the phone and effectively
breaks up with him
five days later steve informs hel that
rosemary's peace corps partner
ralph wants to be in a relationship with
her again hal attempts to find rosemary
but instead encounters a young patient
named cadence at the hospital where
rosemary volunteers
previously due to robin's hypnosis
hal saw cadence as a perfect little girl
he now sees that there are severe burns
all over cadence's face
inspired by cadence hal changes his
views on the physical appearances of
people in general
hal during his search for rosemary finds
that mauricio had his own reason for
stopping hal's hypnosis
he has an inoperable vestigial tale
which has prevented him from ever
getting close to a woman
mauricio confesses he was envious of
hal's happiness and is afraid to start a
relationship with a woman
hal convinces mauricio to accept his
abnormality
with confidence hal makes up with
mauricio and decides to reconcile with
rosemary
he heads to the peace corps recruiting
office and confronts
rel believing he and rosemary got back
together
ralph informs how that he and rosemary
are not together and that rosemary's
parents are throwing her a farewell
party and ralph wasn't invited
hal mauricio ralph and ralph's friend
lee boy arrive at the home of rosemary's
parents
rosemary initially rebuffs hal's
presence but then accepts his apology
when hal
professes his love for her rosemary
informs how
she is still leaving on her peace corps
mission
house says he is coming too having just
been sworn into the peace corps by lee
boy
hal and rosemary reconcile cheered by
the crowd as they kiss
he tries to carry her bridal style to
the car
but finds he cannot lift her moved by
his gesture and effort
she triumphantly carries him instead
as they drive off mauricio meets a woman
who loves dogs and the two walk off
together as he wags his tail
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos